README.md, before:


    NOTE: This project uses the MIT license!
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Description
The goal of this project is to create a backend to allow the e-commerce site to add, remove and update products in the e-commerce site. This application will use Express.js/MYSQL/Sequelize to develop the backend. The app will not be deployed on heroku or github pages. Routes will have to be tested on Insomnia or Thunderclient on VSCode. 
## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
## Installation
Installation Information is not available for this app. 
## Usage
To use this application, and test the routes, you will have to clone the repo down to your local machine and run it locally using "npm start"
## User Story

```md
AS A manager at an internet retail company
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database
```
## License
This project uses the following license: 
MIT
## Contributing
No contributions guidelines are established for this project yet. 
## Tests 
To test this project, clone it locally, and test adding, removing, and updating products! 
## Questions
Here is some contact information to find me: 

[Github](https://www.github.com/Albertojl3)

Email: 363alberto@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added Video Link of demonstration to README

README.md, after:


    NOTE: This project uses the MIT license!
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Description
The goal of this project is to create a backend to allow the e-commerce site to add, remove and update products in the e-commerce site. This application will use Express.js/MYSQL/Sequelize to develop the backend. The app will not be deployed on heroku or github pages. Routes will have to be tested on Insomnia or Thunderclient on VSCode. 
## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
## Installation
Installation Information is not available for this app. 
## Usage
To use this application, and test the routes, you will have to clone the repo down to your local machine and run it locally using "npm start"

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database
```
## License
This project uses the following license: 
MIT
## Contributing
No contributions guidelines are established for this project yet. 
## Tests 
To test this project, clone it locally, and test adding, removing, and updating products! 
## Questions
Here is some contact information to find me: 

[Github](https://www.github.com/Albertojl3)

Email: 363alberto@gmail.com
## Links
You can find a video demonstration of the backend functionality on the link below! 

[Yay E-Commerce!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pSVjoGuXnR6YD-y3sK28_-luJhjGYM7b/view)
